# [Relationship Tracker](https://relations-raftlab.herokuapp.com/)

---

A website where you can create and find relationship between two person.

### Technologies Used:

##### 1. React-JS

##### 2. Redux

##### 3. Material-UI

##### 4. Express-JS

##### 5. Mongo DB

##### 5. Heroku

##

##

### Routes:

#### 1. Main Routes:

        1. Home Route - "/"
        2. Making and Searching a person`s relations - "/relations"
        3. Find Relation between Two Persons - "/find"

##

#### 2. API Routes:

        1. Making new relationship - "api/users/new"
        2. Getting all relationships of a person - "api/users/all"
        3. Finding all possible relationships between two persons - "api/users/find"
        4. For updating relationship type between two person - "api/users/update"


### AWS SERVICES (1M requests / day):

    For this we need to use service oriented architecture.In this, we need to split each component from the respective tiers and create separate services. The individual services can then be scaled separately. Web and application tiers will have different resource needs and different services. This gives you a lot of flexibility for scaling and high accessibility.

    The best AWS generic service for this is AWS Lambda.
    It is a compute service that allows you to run code without maintaining or managing servers. AWS Lambda processes your code only when it is required and scales automatically, from a small number of requests per day to thousands per second.
    There is no charge when your code is not functioning. You only pay for the calculated time you consumed. You can also build serverless architecture composed of functions that are generated by events.
